== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version 2.2.1

  * rvm for development
  * renv for production
  * The bundler gem

* System dependencies

  * MongoDB 3.x to be used as datastore
  * Nginx 1.6.x

  * Installing the ruby dependencies:

   $ bundle install


* Configuration

  * Database: Copy and edit the mongoid.yml.example file to mongoid.yml file.
  * API Tokens: Copy and edit the secrets.yml.example file to secrets.yml file.
  * LDAP: Copy and edit the ldap.yml.example file to the ldap.yml file.

You can generate tokens using the rake secret instruction and copy the new one
into the secrets.yml.

The LDAP configuration file is optional, it will enable the ldap authentication
instead the authentication against the database (used by default).

* Database creation and initialization for development

You can create the database with the command:

$ rake db:mongoid:drop

$ rake db:seed

$ rails s -b 127.0.0.1

Check the db/seed.rb, it is using the ffaker and factory_girl gems to generate
testing data.

* Deployment instructions

Configure the config/deploy/production.rb file and run the following command:

$ cap production deploy

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

This application depends on a delayed_job to populate the database from
the data_migrations collection. Under production you need to run the
script as follows:

$ RAILS_ENV=production ./bin/delayed_job start
